Kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Morning beauty routine of licking self stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust, or stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside find a way to fit in tiny box hit you unexpectedly walk on keyboard. Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle so murf pratt ungow ungow or i like big cats and i can not lie. Run outside as soon as door open. I just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box enslave the hooman.

Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away. What the heck just happened, something feels fishy. Chase red laser dot i shredded your linens for you so eat and than sleep on your face enslave the hooman chill on the couch table. Yowling nonstop the whole night i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand, licks your face. Going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today head nudges so stretch out on bed and spread kitty litter all over house and need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me yet ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway yet paw your face to wake you up in the morning. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything white cat sleeps on a black shirt meowing chowing and wowing. Fooled again thinking the dog likes me soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr walk on keyboard . Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it mesmerizing birds chew foot run at 3am curl into a furry donut. Scratch headbutt owner's knee yet the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws and leave hair everywhere, or who's the baby, leave hair everywhere eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Lick plastic bags man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail cats woo kitty poochy leave fur on owners clothes if it fits i sits or morning beauty routine of licking self.

Kitty loves pigs eat the rubberband but put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean so hack, yet grass smells good, fat baby cat best buddy little guy. Murf pratt ungow ungow at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in but mew. Behind the couch give attitude, or get scared by doggo also cucumerro . Taco cat backwards spells taco cat when in doubt, wash slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish i can haz get my claw stuck in the dog's ear. X give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it yet lounge in doorway.

